Cloud notes (#5113)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.3/cloud/release-notes/cloud-tools.md

The release notes include:

-  {:.new}New features
-  {:.fix}Fixes and improvements

## v2002.0.21

-  {:.new}<!-- MAGECLOUD-3535 -->Added version compatibility validation between Magento version and installed services, such as RabbitMq, Redis, and DB. Displays a warning message if the service version is not compatible.

> -  {:.fix}<!-- MAGECLOUD-3806 -->Fixed an issue when running the 'setup:upgrade` command that did not stop the deployment process if there was a failure during the `app:config:import` task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  {:.fix}<!-- MAGECLOUD-3806 -->Fixed an issue when running the `setup:upgrade" command  to ensure that the deployment process stops if a failure occurs during the `app:config:import` task.  Previously, the deployment continue even if a failure occurred. 
```

> -  {:.fix}<!-- MAGECLOUD-3866 -->Fixed an issue affecting the WARM_UP_PAGES functionality that uses a default store URL. Now, if the `config:show:default-url` command cannot fetch a base URL, then the URL from the MAGENTO_CLOUD_ROUTES variable is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  {:.fix}<!-- MAGECLOUD-3866 -->Fixed an issue affecting WARM_UP_PAGES functionality that uses a default store URL. Now, if the `config:show:default-url` command cannot fetch a base URL, then the URL from the MAGENTO_CLOUD_ROUTES variable is used.
```
